Hi everyone, my name is Jacen. I'm a CTO
and a co-founder at Stellaroft. Today
I'm joined by Anina Kissner, uh CEO of
Bear with Benefits, a Germany based
brand, beauty supplements brand that's
rethinking about the how vitamins look,
feel, and uh taste and how they fit into
the real life. uh you stepped in uh to
the CEO role earlier this year from
after leading the strategy and uh brand
um at beer with beers with benefits and
uh you've got quite a bit of experience
corporate experience from Hen and Laurel
as far as I uh saw. Um, we'll try to
dive into that a little bit more, see
what you think about the future, how you
think um, about your new role, what
challenges you've got, and what your
vision is like for 2026 and beyond.
Welcome to the show, Anina.
>> Thank you for having me. Very excited to
be here.
>> Absolutely. Sounds good. So, let's start
uh, very easy with this. uh given that
you've been with bear with benefits
bears with benefits for over a year now
maybe like one and a half years so far
but then you only stepped into the CEO
role earlier this year can you tell us
uh what changed the most for you
personally from the moment you took on
took on the CEO role
>> yeah sure I think I mean overall it's a
very exciting uh adventure uh like I
mean in general moving into a new role
growing personally
but also with the brand and with the
company. I think um we as a company are
now 7 years old. So it have been has
been a a very um strong growth period
startup period for the first four to
five years and I think over the last two
it has become more um yeah a bit more
stable. I think we're still a lot uh
still a little startup in many ways but
in others also not. So I think bridging
this uh has for sure also been my
biggest challenge as you said I've been
into very different corporate setups
before. Um true I worked also at L'Oreal
in the beginning of my career but I
spent most of uh my working time
actually in management consulting at
McKenzie where I saw obviously mostly
very big companies from the inside and
um I think these learnings structures
processes that you that I have seen
there bringing them to a smaller company
of course not in the same way because
it's absolutely not possible um but
looking at like what can we leverage
from uh larger corporations that we need
now in terms of like processes when
we're growing up as a brand is the I
think most important thing and also
challenge for me.
>> Cool. Sounds good. And u you're right
these companies are quite large and uh
you could have uh seen many different
habits and like processes that these
companies possess internally. Um c can
you recall something like as far as
habits go like what did you do what do
you still utilize in your day-to-day
today like what corporate habits um you
use and still help you today and what
did you have to unlearn
>> um that do not really work in smaller
companies. Yeah, sure. I think one
that's for sure not a corporate practice
but a consulting practice is active
problem solving how we call it uh
McKenzie. It's basically that um you
kind of like evolve a problem to a
certain level um and then bring it to
the group that is concerned with that.
So the stakeholders usually that are
relevant for that. um and then actively
discuss solution spaces together and
then come up in the end with a certain
outcome or solution or at least way to
go. And I think um in consulting you
learn that it's a pretty um efficient
method to iterate and find solutions
very fast. Um and it's not this like
isolated working on a problem um for a
maybe a longer time before presenting or
showing the solution to someone. And I
think this like very iterative and
active proactive problem solving
approach is for sure something that I I
kept and u I always also encourage um my
teams to work in this uh in this way.
Not saying that you should bring every
problem to the table before you have
thought about it yourself, but really
try to leverage group thinking and
intelligence um together and actively
discuss problems to find solutions and
move forward faster than um like in
comparison to uh working on the perfect
solution that anyways never exist for
two weeks alone and then trying to
present it. So I think this more
collaborative problem solving approach
is super key element for my uh working
style still and maybe something that I
for sure not doing anymore or what is
has changed a lot.
I think you see in like large
corporations um a lot of time spent on
actually very administrative stuff. Um
trying to find meeting slots with
certain groups, trying to align for
alignment meetings um and like
navigating a very polit political
landscape in the end. And I mean of
course with a certain size you need also
these processes in smaller companies but
I try really to have them as uh low as
possible and as u like to really not try
to start implementing roots that are
let's align before an alignment meeting
and really avoid anything that is around
okay let's spend too much time on
administrative internal logistics works
um but be more efficient on that and be
very close also I mean I think this also
why I'm a big fan of like working
together in one office because naturally
weights are shorter and you are easier
in collaborating and not building up
weird um political barriers or
hierarchical barriers.
>> Cool. Okay. And uh so you mentioned
something important before um I think it
was either in private chat or I saw it
somewhere in the posts that visibility
creates opportunities and like from the
SEO CEO perspective um
why do you think it is important for the
for the people to stay in the office? Is
it like um like faster is it about
faster decisions, better solutions like
that you can think about those problems
with the team, brainstorm them, stronger
ownership of the team, uh better
communication between departments kind
of like can you unveil that unveil that
for us?
>> Yeah, sure. I think it's uh three three
main things. So I think the first is for
sure um learning curve especially for um
team members that haven't been working
for super long. We are very young
company. So in terms of like average age
of our employees so I think the learning
curve like also when I look back at my
first days of working when there was
basically no remote work not that I'm so
old but still it was very different. The
home office didn't exist in my first
years of working. I think the learning
curve of people like just starting their
careers is just a very different one
sitting alone at home with your task and
maybe you are more efficient sometimes
on your task at home but you don't like
have this natural uh observation of like
what else is going on what are other
people doing um learning from other
teams without actually working with
them. It all happens way more naturally
when you're in the office and also like
with your uh plus one plus two if you do
these like meetings in person like also
what I said in terms of like problem
solving um catch them for a minute to
just like bounce an idea these things
they become way more difficult I think
in um remote setups I mean I'm also a
fan of flexible working that you have a
day here and there where you work from
somewhere else great but it's in general
I think learning curve wise a very
favorable for everyone to um be also in
the office and with the people that you
want to learn from in the end. I think
the second point is and this is I think
very specific also for the industry. Um
we as an e-commerce T2C brand are a very
marketing at the core organization. The
marketing team is the biggest team of
our organization and we need to have
creative drive and innovation to to grow
the company and the brand and creativity
is difficult to achieve alone in your
home. Um and this is something that
happens between people when you have an
idea and the other one adds on top and
so on. So I think creative work really
profits a lot from being in person and
um yeah discussing ideas. I think that's
the second point. Um and for me the
third point it's really a cultural one.
I think a company culture and like being
a team that wants to achieve something
together um gets way more strong like
way stronger if uh you have a lot of
touch points in person. You experience
things together, good things and bad
things happening across a day, across a
week and you live through them as a team
and not on your own at home.
>> For sure. Yeah. And there is actually a
very good expression about uh the later
point. Um it's about decisions work uh
really well when the teams are close to
each other especially in the strong
growth phase. Um like if we were to
describe beers with benefits um growth
phase at this point what would you say
you are in right now? What is the phase
that you are in right now?
>> In phase in terms of what
>> in terms of the growth growth phase
>> growth ah yeah um yeah I think um what
is super interesting about our brand is
that we have like focused a lot on
international expansion over the last
years. So this is also why parts of our
business are in a different growth phase
than others. Um we have two very big
countries Germany and Italy. These are
our two biggest ones and they have now
like I think reached a stage where it's
more like sustainable stable growth. Um
but we have our new markets um
Netherlands, France, Spain but also
since this year the US where it's really
exponential growth where we really try
to every month at ideally double our
sales and I think uh they are I mean of
course on a way smaller scale still but
of course in these ways they also need a
different treatment. um you go way more
for like um brand equity awareness
elements now also in countries that are
already bigger um while you're really
pushing the growth playbook and the
smaller countries also in a very
localized way because they also work
very differently especially now that
we're in the US we also realize how many
regional differences uh we need to cater
to um but um I think that's it's a very
rare case there are not many um
supplement brands that actually manage
uh regional footprint and international
footprint in the end like we do like
mostly it's um local heroes companies
that have a very successful business
case in one country and maybe sometimes
expand to one or two more but how we
have done it now that we are present in
eight and growing um to more countries I
think it's really unique and this is
also determining a lot our growth growth
strategy in the end our growth stage and
um this is e-commerce only. Of course,
we have also different um channels. Um
we have also retail channels that we are
then building up in the countries where
we already reach a certain maturity
stage. And this is then of course then
growth that is more happening then more
on the omni channel side versus the D2C
side.
>> Okay. And you're a Germany based uh
brand initially, correct?
>> Yes. So uh c can you walk us through
maybe like you you haven't been uh with
uh BB uh before um before and at those
stages but then can you tell us a little
bit more and walk us through the
experience of how you choose the next
country you'd like to be present at
given that Germany and then the next one
was Italy but then what was the decision
making process to to to choose Italy as
the next country? Yeah, sure. I mean,
Italy actually happened quite
organically. We had a lot of inbound
from Italian influencers asking if they
can test our products. Um, and we gave
them the products to test and they
talked about with their community about
them and then they try to order them
from Germany and this is okay for a
certain time but you realize quite
quickly that's gets too expensive if you
continue like this. So at that point we
decided okay that must be some kind of
demand interesting demand um also from
Italy. So um we moved there but this was
really out of inbound interest in the
end.
>> Mhm. Uh but seeing that and how it also
worked um it was kind of like a next
clear thought on the road map that it
would also be interesting to explore
other countries if we have now managed
to be quite on a similar scale in from
the outside quite different countries
with Germany and Italy. So we thought
okay then if this is working then maybe
also other southern European countries
are working that are close and maybe
also other countries that are close to
Germany like the Netherlands are working
well um that have a kind of like
cultural proximity. So with this we also
decided kind of like what are our
expansion countries and moved into them.
I mean, we're also in Switzerland. It's
for most German brands like this because
they it's also of course um language
wise quite close. Um but this is like
basically how we choose then Spain,
France and Netherlands as um expansion
countries to grow to also belong we
belong as a brand to a French group. Um
that's Javier which is also a European
leader in um supplements in the
supplement industry as a whole with six
different brands. We're the only like
really e-commerce focused brand that is
um present especially in Germany and
Netherlands. Um so there we have also
this French angle of course why we are
um also focusing on on this market as
well but it doesn't also mean that
necessarily we always
um keep every country the exactly the
way we enter them. So um if of course
it's a question of market density,
compet competition density, how much of
a playground can we actually grab for
us? Um and where do we really resonate
with the consumer? And I think the US
for this year, I mean this is a very
different decision than going to a
European market which is much easier to
enter for us. um while going to the US
needs a completely different playbook
and setup. And here we also uh put way
more time into the preparation. But
there of course you see the extreme
upside in case it works and we really
get a foot into the door.
>> Awesome. Okay. And like if we were to
compile a cheat sheet for any
supplements brand that would like to
like that is already present for
instance in any country in Europe but
then they want to explore any new market
for them whatever that is like another
country in Europe, UK or the US. Uh what
would be like the step by step like high
level like hey explore if there is any
market what are your competitors etc etc
kind of like in this passion in this um
uh way to describe what their step by
step will look like. Yeah, I think I
mean it also of course depends a lot on
the product and how easily it is um how
easy it is to internationalize it
because yes I think first glance you
should do is for sure what's the market
potential um how and how fragmented or
like how dense is the competition
already in that market. If you see that
there is already a huge like density of
competitors doing exactly having exactly
the same product and um generating
market share there already for a couple
of years it's maybe not the easiest way
to enter not saying it's not maybe not
working if you have a superior product
maybe you will get it all from them but
probably it's a bit more difficult
>> I think that's the first thing in terms
of like when you look at which market um
and then second you need to understand
regulatory
um in a specific market for your product
because for example for supplements it's
very different what you can actually
sell by country in the EU there is a
certain um irregulation that it's mostly
applicable for all European countries
but then it becomes very different if
you go outside the EU and even inside
the EU for example um you have very
different regulations what you can claim
about certain ingredients it's really
sometimes about a single ingredient that
is different um or if you can even sell
it or use it. Melatonin is a very good
example. You have very different
regulations um Netherlands versus
Germany how much you can actually put in
or if you can sell it at all. So I think
really depends on also like what are you
selling and I mean if that's has a
different regulatory um
challenge for your for a new market. So
I think I would for like beyond like if
the market is interesting then look at
what is an easier to enter market where
you don't have to fully change your
product if it's a test. So where you can
easily go and say I'm my product is
applicable for that market as well
without me like producing a completely
new batch with a new formulation or a
new um translation. So I mean for many
brands I think it's also a question of
translation. um where can you easily
test this and I think then it's also um
finding um and a way to enter that is um
operationally I mean easy is always the
wrong word but it's quite feasible so
where can you maybe just start like
testing a couple of ads you don't need a
separate warehouse where can you just
like see if there is traction through
like some activations testing some
creators some bookings um some um some
campaigns to see if there is initial
demand and if you see that you can maybe
go further. So I think like starting
small, testing little angles and um
using the ways where it's a good
application of your existing products. I
mean in terms of like risk level that's
probably the easiest way. Some like to
take way big like way bigger risks uh
directly. I mean of course that's maybe
a different story then. Um but yeah in
terms of like risk hedging a bit and go
making sure and testing a market um this
these are probably the steps I would
take.
>> Gotcha. Thank you so much for that. And
what do you think uh the supplements
brands um
like get still get wrong about the real
customer behavior? Like what do they
miss these days?
>> That's a good question. Um I mean
I think what is the most challenging
thing for the customer right now is
actually the variety of offers that you
have and to navigate through them. And I
mean we also do a lot of consumer
research and studies and I think the
main and most important feedback we
always get is to make it as easy as
possible for the customer to understand
and navigate. Um which is of course also
challenging from a regulatory side
because it's not super straightforward
what you can even say about a product uh
where it should help or might help the
customer. So, it's a challenge um and a
balancing act for the brand. But
overall, I think making it as clear as
possible and as easy to understand as
possible is probably where customers
struggle the most um to make decisions
in in that industry with like an
expanding and expanding offering on the
other side. Um and I think yeah, that's
I think the the main thing. Um,
>> what do you think about retention? Like,
uh, is it is it very important for the
supplement brands to to not only sell
once, but also kind of like make the
customer buy again?
>> Yes. I mean, in the end, retention is
the the key of the business model of
supplements because you think um you
should never think about any supplement
in a way that you check it once and then
it works. It's always a change of
routines, a change of habits. Um, so in
this industry, you need to convince your
customer and your community that this is
something to integrate in your daily
life. I think with our products, the
gummy bears, it's a super pleasant
integration into the daily life of the
consumer. This is also why our customers
like the products much. It's not
something that you forget because you
really like to eat the gummies. they
taste great and you have the uh benefits
of a supplement even with a higher uh
bioavailability.
So I think is really thinking about
where do you fit into the routine and if
you are in a routine then also the
retention question is answered. I think
um also from a um
business model perspective, I think
retention is for every e-commerce brand
the key to a profitable business model
in the end because we see externally
rising costs in all marketing channels
where we acquire our customers. So it
becomes more and more difficult to be
really profitable at your first order
and to generate the second order is
really also as a company where you can
actually then also become profitable
which you need to and um because I think
the days where you can just like grow
within very unprofitable business model
for years are over at least for now. So
um there it's really all about retention
that you get to the second and ideally
third and fourth order of the customer.
Um being it through a very strong
retention marketing and CRM and what's
like email and WhatsApp or subscription
models. Um this is really in the end the
key.
>> Yeah. I actually had another podcast the
other day and the guy said that like
he's also the CEO and the founder at the
same time. So, he said that I'm willing
to to be on a break even or at a loss
level for the first customer, but I'll
do my best to to do everything that I
can to um to make sure that he he buys
again or subscribes to my product. So,
it's it's basically the ch it it looks
like it's a challenge for every CEO of
of the company. How do you approach
that? Like you said, online marketing,
email marketing,
>> kind of like upsells. uh what are the
biggest like successes that you see in
beers with benefits?
>> Yeah, I think the beauty of e-commerce
in the end is that you have so much
data. So we see through our uh daily
dashboards every movement and every
channel where we need to how much can we
actually um invest to acquire new
customers on that day versus how much do
we need to generate from existing
customers. And we can navigate and
balance that every single day. And we
actually have to to get to the right
balance to be remain like a profitable
business that acquires customers and
grows but also has a lot strong focus on
on retention marketing. So in the end
using this data is really the absolute
key for us otherwise I it's it wouldn't
be possible because you can't just like
today send out campaigns in every
direction and then look after one month
how did it perform. You need to be on
top of that every single morning. And
this is what me also our CMO is doing
every every morning to navigate the
business correctly and say okay we need
more pushions here and we need more push
and acquisition to exactly always manage
that balance um and I think for us it's
really like I mean this testing
different models also by market where
can we leverage subscriptions nicely
where is it more CRM automations where
is it more campaignbased react
activations. It's actually very
different by country and um I think
there a lot of testing is uh also what
we're doing to always get to a higher
retention level of the customer in the
best possible way.
>> Cool. Okay. Um what is your tax st today
just for the listener I I know
approximately but for the listeners
>> I mean on the um
e-commerce side um we are running on
Shopify. We have a Shopify plus setup.
We have one shop by market running on
there. So it's not one shop that is
translated, but we have really a
different URL by market. Um so eight
shops by now. Um and this is um I mean
regarding our D2C model, of course the
most important tool and platform um with
a lot of integrations. Um, we're also
currently working on a new theme which
will be very interesting and be rolled
out soon. Um, if you are lucky 10% of
our uh, traffic then you already see the
new theme right now. We started to test
it this week.
>> Okay.
>> Test it.
>> Yeah. Very exciting. Um so this is
really um I mean in the end the core of
Shopify platform but data wise um we uh
use CLA um as a as a data D2C um
dashboard tool where we do a lot of um
of course analysis with um and also um
steering. So this is our let's say
source of true word when it comes to our
e-commerce data and also our attribution
model um that we use via CLA. So these
are I think the two main things on the
e-commerce side. But I mean of course on
the tax stack there's also a lot of
other things on our ERP,
how our um warehouses are connected, how
our stocks are managed and so on. But I
think like front end e-commerce wise
these are the two main main things that
we're using Shopify and CL um to to see
the business on a daily basis.
>> Okay, cool. And uh there is a very uh
very popular I would say arguments in
the internet where people basically try
to emphasize their opinion about whether
the tech has to support your business or
it should enable new venues for you and
for you being a CEO rather than a CTO
like from that perspective like from the
very high level perspective
what do you think about your tax stack
today from that perspective do you think
it shouldn't enable new venues, new
functionalities, new options or is it
more of a support basis and you mainly
focus on the marketing?
>> I do think it should enable new venues.
Um because I mean we always try to
improve the user experience for our
customer when I think about Shopify. So
whenever there's a new release and um we
have new features available, we always
have a very close look and how can they
improve our user experience? What can we
test? And um I mean of course there we
also depend in the end a little bit on
the availability of new evolutions and
new features, new apps that help us to
improve that user experience. Um I mean
of course there is also some things that
we are building on our own. Um but I
think as this whole tool enables in the
end the way we are doing business right
now it's also it also should evolve like
this.
>> Cool. Okay. And if we were to imagine
bears with benefits in like two to three
years from now, um what do you think
your think setup will look like? Um like
do do would you like to change anything?
Do you face any challenges that you're
you would love to change some sometime
in the future?
>> I think on the basic setup in terms of
like tools we're using etc. Not for now.
I think what will be super important for
us is that these tools grow and their um
usability as well. I mean right now we
have a lot of like new uh AI based
applications in there and this needs to
evolve so that like changes that we want
to do become easier more uh need less
effort to test new roots, new
applications and also new um experience
roots. I think still a lot of things
that we that we want to test in our
stores did still take a lot of like
effort and um are very coding intensive.
While I think the tools the way that we
are using them should make that easier
going forward with easier prompts with
easier um less buggy um applications. Um
you know we are also in a very like how
our model works is also that we try a
lot of different campaign types. So you
have a campaign where you get uh free uh
products for the price of two or four
for the price of three then you have
sometimes discount codes. You have a
free gift. So we have different
mechanics and it's not yet super
straightforward how we um integrate them
for every campaign. It's still quite a
lot of effort and I think
these things should be e way easier
prompt based uh applications without
like risk of a lot of bucks and stock
risks and so on. And I think this is
where we should for sure be more
efficient and um easier and seamless in
the next two years.
>> Cool.
>> Absolutely.
And like uh with this conversation
happening what do you generally think
about the network about the partnerships
like do you think the brands should look
for the partnerships with other brands
with other supplements brands with other
ecom products with the other I don't
know like local businesses retailers in
terms of the growth in general like do
you see that as part of the growth of
any imprint? Um yes I mean we do that in
terms of like complimentary brands. So
we do a lot of campaigns together with
brands where we say there is a
complimentary or strategic fit to our
products. For example we have a lot of
beauty supplements. So we also
collaborate a lot with beauty brands on
um product bundles on campaign types on
events and so on because we think h
that's the natural habitat of our
consumer where they look for the one
product and then probably also look for
the other. So this is what we're for
sure doing what we're not doing a lot or
not at all is collaborate with competing
brands in the end. I think there um
we're trying to be always as
differentiated as much as we can. Okay.
Um, and uh, what is the thought process
behind this? Is it because you you kind
of like you are competitors and that's
it and you don't want to to be involved
instead?
>> No, I think it's more like I mean in the
end it's a highly competitive market the
supplements industry. So I think in the
end we want to speak to our customer
alone on that front and I think for that
industry not saying that we don't like
any of our competitors we do and there's
also a lot of exchange happening so um
and a lot of knowledge sharing but I
don't think like campaign wise if their
products are too close it makes too much
sense but um on a compliment
complimentary side it does.
>> Gotcha. Okay cool. If you were to speak
about Bears with Benefits um in several
years, what do you think what do you
hope people will say about your company
um not just about what it sells but how
it operates? Like yeah,
>> what what do you hope to have by then?
>> I mean for us it's really the goal to
become the leading um femalth brand um
in in the supplement industry. So what
we're trying with all our products and
also our new product is really to cater
to not only like the very obvious
straightforward needs of women like
having nice hair but also to go more and
more niche on a like really single um
needs that women have. And um the I
think this overall fem space is some
it's a space that has been very
um like delivery of products focus on
these areas also knowledge wise has been
way too low for decades and I think
there is a lot of potential to um cater
to these needs in a way more
personalized and individual way that
it's currently happening in the market.
there is a lot of traction and we see
more and more brands also focusing on
that but I think for us it's really as
we have already I think a quite big
footprint to really become the leading
fem brand in um in this industry and not
only in Germany or Italy but really
across Europe and ideally North America
>> operations wise do you see AI being part
of it in the future
>> of course I mean the AI is already part
of our daily work being it in content
creation I there we have I mean elevated
the processes a lot this year through AI
at the same time what I said about like
how our um developing teams work already
it's help it's helping them a lot so I
think there is it's already part of our
daily lives we looking a lot of like
customer service tools um that are NI
enabled but at the same time on the
operations and on the finance side so we
really owe every like I mean I think
also my role as a CEO is in the end to
challenge the processes the status quo
every day to see where can we be better
and where can we improve and not only by
working faster in the same way but where
can we change the way of working with
new tools that we have available and
that of course AI is a huge lever what
we're trying to implement as much as we
can
>> okay I see and what are your goals for
2026 what do you do what do you want to
get to by the end of the next year.
>> Mhm. I think for us, I mean, I gave a
little teaser already. So, we're looking
at a new website set up, a little theme.
So, rolling that out successfully is of
course our it's one of the biggest
projects that we're having and goals.
Um, it already has started. So, I think
we're on a good track. Um, let's see how
customers also receive new the new
layout. I love it. So, um, this is one.
Um and then I think as I said we just
entered the US this year. So expanding
our North America footprint is a super
uh big focus for us also uh in 2026.
Um yeah and I think especially for our
for Germany and Italy where we're the
biggest is also to catch the customer at
even more on at even more touch points
and this is for me like with omni
channel experience to expand also our
retail presence in the right way. So um
we get even more like the customers even
more aware um and has more access to our
products.
>> Awesome. This is a great goal. Um well
good luck with that. And then the last
one um
>> about you personally I would say what
kind of CEO do you want yourself to be
remembered if you were to look back at
this stage um
that we are right now.
>> Oh wow. Yeah. Um, I think for me what I
just said like a minute ago, um, I love
to be the person who always challenged
the status quo and tries with her team
to get a little bit better every day on
everything we're doing. Not always a big
leap every day, but like this I believe
a lot in this like incremental
improvement with every step that we're
doing or we're repeating to review how
have we done it. Has it been the best
that we could have done? what can we
change for next time and this like
continuously improving um our processes
and challenging the status quo is I
think one thing that is uh that I'm like
very very much focused on I think
secondly
even though we are at a quite
established level now as a brand we're
still small and I think dreaming big
should never stop especially um in this
industry that is also super uh nicely
growing across the globe and more
attention is coming to it every single
day. So I think not trying to dream big
of where we can go and making big steps
even though we have reached a certain
level is clearly something that I really
want to keep and um also radiate and
also try to encourage everyone in the
team to to think about.
I think thirdly, um, and this is
something that I say really often, I
really love to enable an environment
where everyone feels that they can have
an impact every single day. And I think
especially in e-commerce where you have
this direct response, you change a
banner and you see a change. So you you
end you change a color in the buy
button, you see a change. Everyone can
have an impact every day. Everyone. And
I think having a company in a culture
where everyone feels that is my ultimate
goal culturally wise.
>> Awesome. Establish the culture, new
goals, new website, new markets, lots of
different things this uh this podcast
and you know thank you so much for
joining. Thank you for sharing your
vision, your
>> your context, your
>> um your culture around the team setup,
about the office, about how you deal
with the uh retention, how you deal with
the sales in general, uh what your
vision is like for the next u set of
years. Um it was insightful for anyone
who is not aware uh who is not familiar
with the brand. Uh please check out
beerswithbenefits with
dashesinbetween.com
uh and then you'll you'll be able to get
redirected to any of your markets
whatever out of eights that they've got
so far available. Um Anina, thank you so
much for joining the podcast. Thank you
so